Agent Usage - MacOS docs (#30714)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/basic_agent_usage/osx.md

| Display command usage              | `datadog-agent --help`                               |
| Run a check                        | `datadog-agent check <CHECK_NAME>`                   |

## Configuration

The [Datadog Agent configuration file][7] is located in `/etc/datadog-agent/datadog.yaml`. This YAML file holds the host-wide connection details used to send data to Datadog including:

- `api_key`: your organization's [Datadog API key][8] 
- `site`: target Datadog region (for example `datadoghq.com`, `datadoghq.eu`, `ddog-gov.com`)  
- `proxy`: HTTP/HTTPS proxy endpoints for outbound traffic (see [Datadog Agent Proxy Configuration][9])  
- Default tags, log levels, and Datadog configurations.

A fully commented reference file, located in `/etc/datadog-agent/datadog.yaml.example`, lists every available option for comparison or copy-paste. Alternatively, see the [sample config_template.yaml file][10] for all available configuration options.

### Integration files

> Configuration files for integrations live in `/etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/`. Each integration has its own sub-directory, `<INTEGRATION>.d/`, that contains:

Author: ```suggestion
Configuration files for integrations are found in `/etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/`. Each integration has its own sub-directory, `<INTEGRATION>.d/`, that contains:
```
